if you know somebody you can't remember
their name what do you call them bless
up bless up I call everybody bless up
because that's the greeting if I see you
bless up Jimmy I'm saying if I don't
know your name bless up you're saying
this is called positive vibes it's
called
bless up what if someone sneezes that's
you bless you yeah samba I but still
bless up at the same time you know
saying I do which would you rather see
in person a unicorn or a duck with human
feet I'm gonna go with a unicorn unicorn
yeah why are unicorn special cloth
you're saying like a duck with human
feet I see that all the time you do see
a bunch of ducks out there
hey days you know I mean mm-hmm where
did all the pilgrims go I have no idea
it's not my business I respect that you
know you got to stay out of people's
business sometimes mm-hmm especially
pilgrims yes the buckles on their head
shots pulled up shout out to the
pilgrims you know what shout out to the
programs celebrate success right Apple
Sarat the only way drink responsibly
you know it all of that toast Oh the
pilgrims absolutely another one another
one another one another one
bless up plus up Ciroc Apple the answer
to all of life's ridiculous questions
Jimmy Kimmel Live weeknights at 11:35
10:35 central on ABC